
# blab
    import "github.com/cmcoffee/go-blab"

Package blab provides a means of creating a network of methods/functions.

Callers include producers and consumers, producers may also connect to other producers.
This first Caller to "Listen" doubles as a broker to direct all Calls.

Once a Call is placed the first Caller/Listener will route the call to the appropriate producer who registered the method or function.

blab has similar requirements for exporting functions that Go's native "rpc" package provides, however blab maps both functions and object methods.


	1)the method or function requires two arguments, both exported (or builtin) types.
	2)the method or function's second argument is a pointer.
	3)the method or function has a return type of error.

Registered methods or functions should look like:

func (*T) Name(argType T1, replyType *T2) error


	and respectively ...

func name(argType T1, replyType *T2) error

Exported functions & methods should be made thread safe.





## Variables
``` go
var ConnectionLimit = 256
```
Limit maximum number of concurrent connections/processes.

``` go
var Debug = false
```
Enable Communication Debugging.

``` go
var ErrClosed = errors.New("Connection closed.")
```
``` go
var ErrFail = errors.New("Request failed, service unavailable.")
```


## type Caller
``` go
type Caller struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
The Caller object is for both producers(registering methods/functions) and consumers(calls registered methods/functions).









### func NewCaller
``` go
func NewCaller() *Caller
```
Allocates new Caller.




### func (\*Caller) Call
``` go
func (cl *Caller) Call(name string, arg interface{}, reply interface{}) (err error)
```
Call invokes a registered method/function, blocks while actively checking for for completion and returns an error, if any.



### func (\*Caller) Dial
``` go
func (cl *Caller) Dial(socketf string) error
```
Creates socket file(socketf) connection to Broker, forks goroutine and returns. (consumers)



### func (\*Caller) Listen
``` go
func (cl *Caller) Listen(socketf string) (err error)
```
Listens to socket files(socketf) for Callers.
If socketf is not open, Listen opens the file and connects itself to it. (producers)



### func (\*Caller) Register
``` go
func (cl *Caller) Register(fptr interface{}) error
```
Registers local methods or function, informs Broker of registration.
Function/method template should follow:
func name(argType T1, replyType *T2) error
func (*T) Name(argType T1, replyType *T2) error



### func (\*Caller) RegisterName
``` go
func (cl *Caller) RegisterName(name string, fptr interface{}) (err error)
```
RegisterName operates exactly as Register but allows changing the name of the object or function.



### func (\*Caller) SetOutput
``` go
func (cl *Caller) SetOutput(w io.Writer)
```
Directs error output to a specified io.Writer, defaults to os.Stdout.









- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)